Getting Started

Welcome to the NM i AI 2026 documentation. The competition kicks off March 19, 2026 — but right now, you can get a head start with the Grocery Bot Challenge, a pre-competition warm-up to get familiar with the platform and get the competitive spirit going.
What's Live Right Now

    Team registration — sign up with Google, create or join a team
    Grocery Bot Challenge — build a bot that controls a swarm of workers in a grocery store
    Leaderboard — compete for the top spot across 4 difficulty maps

The main competition tasks (Computer Vision, Language Model, Machine Learning) will be revealed when the competition launches on March 19.
Grocery Bot Challenge

The Grocery Bot is a warm-up challenge to get you familiar with the platform and have some fun before the real competition starts.

How it works:

    Sign in at app.ainm.no with Google
    Create or join a team
    Go to the Challenge page, pick a difficulty, click Play
    Connect your bot via WebSocket and respond with actions each round
    Your best score per map is saved — leaderboard = sum of all 4 maps

Read the full Grocery Bot documentation for the complete API spec, game mechanics, and example code.
Quick Overview

Your bot connects to the game server via WebSocket. Each round, the server sends you the full game state and you respond with actions for your bots.

Server sends game state → Your Bot (via WebSocket)
         ↓
Your bot returns actions for each bot
         ↓
Game state updates, next round begins
         ↓
Repeat for up to 300 rounds (120s wall-clock limit)

How to Run

Your bot runs locally as a Python script that connects to the game server:

import asyncio
import websockets
 
async def play():
    async with websockets.connect("wss://game.ainm.no/ws?token=YOUR_TOKEN") as ws:
        while True:
            state = await ws.recv()
            # ... decide actions ...
            await ws.send('{"actions": [...]}')
 
asyncio.run(play())


Get a token by clicking "Play" on a map at app.ainm.no/challenge.

Requirements

    Python 3.10+ with websockets library (pip install websockets)
    Respond within 2 seconds per round
    Handle game_over messages to exit cleanly

Need Help?

    Join the competition Slack for questions and discussion
    Use the MCP server with Claude Code for AI-assisted development:

claude mcp add --transport http nmiai https://mcp-docs.ainm.no/mcp

