Bachelor or master student in Norway with an interest in artificial intelligence? Take part in this year’s most exciting event -  Norway’s first AI Championship! 
Computer with illustrations of lightning, Norwegian AI Championship, 1st to 8th August

Register now!

Calling all  Bachelor and Master students across Norway to participate in the first-ever Norwegian AI Championship!
Important dates:

July 31, 2025 at 23:59: Registrations close

August 1 - 8, 2025: Duration of the hackathon

August 1, 2025 at 10.00: Virtual kick-off with use-case reveal 

August 8, 2025 at 14:00: Deadline for final submission of solutions 

August 26 - 27, 2025: Presentation of the winners

November 26 - 27, 2025: Award ceremony at Nordic AI Meet, Norrköping, Sweden

 

Meet the Program Committee

Questions or queries? Contact Senior Adviser Snezhina Duevska.

The Championship will be organised as a weeklong AI-focused hackathon and will be held virtually. The participants will be presented with three different assignments, putting both your AI competencies and your creativity to the test. The participants can choose to participate alone or in a team, and the top three submissions will win prize money!

About the Championship

Take part in Norway’s first ever AI Championship organized by NORA (Norwegian Artificial Intelligence Research Consortium) in partnership with Ambolt AI, the Danish Data Science Academy, and the Danish Pioneer Centre.

Join our weeklong virtual AI hackathon featuring three challenging assignments that test both your AI skills and creativity. 

Compete individually or form a team, to tackle the diverse assignments over the course of one week (1-8 August, 2025). Participate virtually or gather at some of our hubs across Norway.

The championship will offer substantial rewards for top performers in Norway:

    First Place: 40,000 NOK
    Runners-up: 5,000 NOK each (two recipients)

Don’t miss the opportunity to become Norway’s AI Champion!

We aim to establish this as an annual tradition to strengthen Norwegian AI research, education, and innovation while celebrating tomorrow's talent.
Preparing for the Competition

This event is organized in cooperation with our Danish counterparts, who have run similar events for two years. While we'll share the same challenges with Denmark set by Ambolt AI, Norwegian participants will only compete against other Norwegian teams.

To help you prepare for the hackathon, we recommend that you take a look at previous years' challenges, which can be found here: 

https://github.com/amboltio/DM-i-AI-2022  

https://github.com/amboltio/DM-i-AI-2023  

You can also catch previous years' kickoff events here: 

DM i AI 2022 kick-off  

DM i AI 2023 kick-off   

Or check out the info webinar on our YouTube channel:

Info Webinar 2025